Convert zarr helpers to utilities, update numpy chunk encoding in zarr router (#260)
xpublish-community/xpublish: docs/source/user-guide/plugins.md

otherwise it should return None, so that Xpublish knows to continue looking to the next
plugin or the passed in dictionary of datasets.

```{warning}

> When using a dataset provider, you need to set a unique `_xpublish_id` attribute (use `DATASET_ID_ATTR_KEY` from `xpublish.utils.api`) on each dataset for routers to manage caching appropriately. See the `assign_attrs` call below for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a dataset provider, you need to set a unique `_xpublish_id` attribute (use `DATASET_ID_ATTR_KEY` from `xpublish.utils.api`) on each dataset for routers to manage caching appropriately. See the `assign_attrs` call below for an example.

We suggest including the plugin name as part of the attribute to help uniqueness.
```

    @hookimpl
    def get_dataset(self, dataset_id: str):
        if dataset_id == "air":
            return xr.tutorial.open_dataset("air_temperature").assign_attrs(

>                 {DATASET_ID_ATTR_KEY: "air"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                {DATASET_ID_ATTR_KEY: f"{self.name}_air"}
```

        return None
```

```{note}
Some routers may want to cache data computed from datasets that they serve to avoid unnecessary recomputation. In this case, routers may rely on the
`_xpublish_id` attribute (`DATASET_ID_ATTR_KEY` from `xpublish.api`) on each dataset. If this attribute is set, it should be a unique identifier for the dataset, otherwise the `dataset_id` used to load the dataset will be set as the `_xpublish_id` automatically.
```

> 

Reviewer: It's probably worth being more explicit, and making it more important than alert. Also could you tweak the example above to explicit set the attr as an example?

Author: Do you mean move that up and change it to a warning? Ill update the example code too

Reviewer: Ya, warning is probably the right level. I was thinking tweaking the tone as well, 'you need to set a unique`DATASET_ID_ATTR_KEY` from `xpublish.api` on each dataset for routers to manage caching appropriately' to go with the warning.

Author: Nice. I like that, K updated it!
